Remove IncrementalTaskInputs from the docs (#21472)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/extending-gradle/custom_tasks.adoc

> If you'd like to optimize your build so that only out-of-date input files are processed, you can do so with an _incremental task_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optimize your build to only process out-of-date input files with an _incremental task_. To learn more, refer to the link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.work.InputChanges.html[InputChanges] API documentation.
```

Author: Note that after that it's described how you can use InputChanges and API link is in second sentence of the next paragraph. Check: https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/custom_tasks.html#incremental_tasks. 

```
For a task to process inputs incrementally, that task must contain an _incremental task action_.
This is a task action method that has a single link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.work.InputChanges.html[InputChanges] parameter.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for pointing that out. Feel free to disregard this then.

[NOTE]
====
There is the link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/incremental/IncrementalTaskInputs.html[IncrementalTaskInputs] API, which is available in Gradle versions before 5.4.
When using link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/incremental/IncrementalTaskInputs.html[IncrementalTaskInputs], it is only possible to query for all file changes of the task inputs.
It is not possible to query for changes of individual input file properties.
Moreover, the old API does not distinguish between incremental and non-incremental task inputs, so the task itself needs to determine where the changes originated from.
Therefore, the usage of this API is deprecated, and it will be removed eventually.

> The new link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.work.InputChanges.html[InputChanges] API, which is documented here, replaces the old API and addresses its shortcomings.

Reviewer: Should we add this "new link" to the previous sentence?
